---
title: What is my dream?
date: "2020-04-15"
---

A question that has been bubbling in my head for the longest time. Now with all the time in the world (literally), I am constantly asking myself this question from the moment I open my eyes in the morning with the sun shining brightly through the yellow curtains in my room. Yes, I have been sleeping in a lot. And I am sure many of you do too - DON’T LIE! 

As a kid, this wasn’t a hard question to answer. Many mornings I would wake up and say “Mum, Dad, when I grow up I want to be a cashier!”. I would gather all the toys in the house, books - that I don’t read, EVER - and started pricing every item. It’s pretty obvious that I would then pretend I was actually scanning the barcodes off each item and received money for them. I loved every bit of it. To this day, I am still fascinated by self-checkouts - it’s such a fun thing to do! It may not seem like much but it makes me happy. Other days, as I watched TV or saw someone doing something I had interest in, I would say “One day this is what I want to become! Or that!”. It never ends. I wanted to be everything. 

All was well growing up, but that also meant school and grades became everything. Coming from a family who prioritises getting good grades, it became my life. Just so you know, I never got good grades. I was an average student with the occasional As and many Bs and Cs and sometimes Ds. It came to a point I believed that my grades were what defined me as a person and my future. That it was everything. So what is my dream? When it was time to decide what course to enrol into university - because going to university is mandatory, else the endless “I need a qualification” quips begin. “It will put you somewhere out there in life because everyone has one”. But does it really? 

I poured my heart and soul into getting that degree. As if studying in school wasn’t enough; the journey to finish school and being a decent student/child was a difficult one. But getting that degree... That was on a whole other level when studying wasn’t ever my forte. The constant feeling of not being good enough started eating my soul. I knew that this wasn’t what I wanted to do, but then again, I didn’t know what I actually wanted to do. I felt lost. I felt hopeless. It was depressing. I stopped asking myself what my dream is. Honestly, I couldn't provide an answer to that question myself. I thought it would be best to just let it go, and live a mediocre life that’s generally accepted by society. Get a degree, get a job, buy a house, a car, settle down and start a family. Live comfortably and be happy. THE END. Well...

Am I happy? Do not be mistaken. I am grateful to have a place that I call home. A room to myself with a comfortable bed, well-stocked fridge and pantry - that feeds my cravings at any point in the day. I eat A LOT. All I can ever think and talk about is food. The thing is, life is GOOD - that’s the truth. But there is a void, inside of me, that is not satisfied. Recently, I came across a video of a commencement address given by Steve Jobs in Stanford back in 2005. I had listened to it before, but this time, it felt different. It resonated in me when he said “If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today? Whenever the answer has been no for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something”. Over the next week or so, I started asking myself the same question. And the answer to that was always “NO”. 

That’s when it all began. When I started to ask myself again, what is my dream?